have you ever thought to yourself hm you
know what I need a phone that has a
display that can go up to 4,500 nits is
loaded up with AI has up to five
flipping cameras on it can airdrop files
to my iPhone carrying friends and you
know what for good measure I'd like it
to have an IR blaster so I can use it as
a universal remote well guess what my
friends the find X8 and find X8 Pro have
all of those things this video is
sponsored by Oppo and we're going to be
taking a look at them first and foremost
both are loaded up with mediat Tech's
new dimensity
9400 chipset meaning that even though
one is pro and one is not both actually
were found to have very similar
performance when we ran them through our
Labs testing but before we get to that
let's do a quick unboxing and have a
look at what's
included whoa no way an actual charging
brick what were they thinking nobody
does that anymore not only that but in
240 volt regions these included Chargers
will do up to 80 WT wired charging with
these phones and over Wireless they're
rated at what was it up to 50 Watts that
is flipping wild oh they also include a
USBC cable but on the subject of USBC
that is the first big difference between
the non-pro and the pro the non-pro uses
USB for slower file transfers while the
pro uses USB 3.2 for much faster wired
file transfers the last unboxing bits
are oh look at that they include a
case there we go both include cases
though in different colors and as you
can see they are not intercompatibility
I'm trying to think if there's a device
that the shape of the non-pro reminds me
of why don't we use this opportunity to
have a look at one of their highlighted
features which is the ability to airdrop
files to your iPhone owning friends
totally um unrelated thing to bring that
out right now while we discuss the shape
of this phone though uh okay let's go
ahead and give it a shot to do so we
just use a familiar gesture to bring
down the quick settings and then go
ahead and click share with
iPhone I guess I need an
app now oh let's take a quick picture
how about a
selfie cool we got o connect okay share
with iPhone one device
connected
hey all right well took a couple of
attempts but we did manage to get the
file downloaded and look at that in
glorious full quality oh I guess now Z
as good a time as any to talk about the
cameras you either get three rear
cameras on the non-pro or four rear
cameras on the pro and I'm going to have
to pull up my notes here because I'm
going to have a hard time remembering
how many megapixels they all are so
they're let's see 50 megapixels 50
megapixels 50 megapixels 50 50 50 and 50
in all seriousness I do need my notes
but it's for the focal lengths and
features so on the non-pro we've got a
24 mm wide that one has Optical image
stabilization
then we've got a 73 mm telephoto that
has 3x optical zoom and Optical image
stabilization and we've also got a 15 mm
120° Ultra wide moving over to the pro
we get a 23 mm wide with Optical image
stabilization a 73mm periscope telephoto
with 3x optical zoom a 135 mm Periscope
telephoto with Optical image
stabilization and 6X optical zoom and
finally a 15 mm 120°
ultrawide both of them as you would
expect for a modern device are getting
software and AI image enhancement and
both of them have a 32 megapixel
front-facing selfie camera all right
let's try out the camera shall I love
this shot in the studio here it's a very
challenging condition cuz we've got the
studio lights firing right into the
lenses but it happens a lot because I
don't know what it is but you ask
someone to take a picture for you you're
out hiking or whatever it's like they go
out of their way to have some kind of
light source go right into the lens
pretty Sharp actually not bad and
surprisingly they're not over juicing
the contrast and saturation I want to
play around with the telephoto so let's
take some more pictures of our producer
Bell oh yeah look at him over there
there's a little bit more detail on the
pro little bit more
resolution both really solid though of
course the pro has even more in the tank
let's go ahead and take a
6X okay can we get
even more detail out of the
6X wow look at that you can almost make
out some of the markings on the not
actually a component actually a dbrand
skin here look at the texture of your
jeans B look at this I mean okay in all
seriousness though yeah it actually
looks really good last thing selfie I'm
expecting these to be very similar but
there's no doubt in my mind that the
camera is a little bit better on the pro
as you would probably expect
that's a lot of that's actually a lot of
detail on a selfie camera I don't see
any kind of measurable difference here
though which makes sense they are both
spec the same hey I wonder what we can
do with the AI editor let's see I can
remove Reflections I can unblur I can AI
eraser and I can enhance Clarity let's
try to take a bad picture I just got to
quick launch the camera so now is as
good a time as any to show you guys the
quick button on the pro model is it just
a button it's just a button it just felt
like a squeeze okay it's totally just a
button anyway you double tap it to
launch the camera okay I'm going to try
to take a bad selfie with some weird guy
behind me okay now I just need to get
rid of this guy smart
lasso okay get the heck out of my
picture
compare uh you know
what actually not stupid now let's
change gears and talk about the screens
Oppo says that these panels are capable
of hitting up to 4500 nits then we hit
about 800 nits Peak brightness in SDR
mode on both devices about a th000 in
HDR in the balanced performance profile
and anywhere from around 1,600 to 1,800
depending on the window size in high
performance mode with auto brightness
enabled on both of these phones so those
are perfectly acceptable modern HDR
results even if they're uh 45 00 nits is
more to do with maybe the peak
capabilities of this panel under
isolated circumstances and less to do
with what you'll actually see on this
phone I'd like to see them just not talk
about that at all to be perfectly honest
with you let's look at what some HDR
content looks like on it shall we okay
there we go yep that's that's HDR all
right can confirm curiously we found
that hdr on both of the phones performed
lower than we would expect with auto
brightness enabled and in their balanced
performance profile so until Oppo is
issues a fix for that we would probably
recommend running the phone in the
higher performance mode shall we listen
to some crab RVE hit that volume
slider amplified airp
speaker pretty okay pretty loud uh
definitely some Distortion toward the
top end after about 70% volume let's try
the nonpr
also has an amplified Earp speaker for
stereo
[Music]
sound very similar result maybe a touch
worse oh on the subject of hitting the
volume rocker we never really did like a
physical tour of these things so both of
them have that IR Blaster up on the top
man I needed an IR blaster so bad the
other day like so bad the remote was
missing for something and I had to
change something and it was like
actually a disaster and because I've
switched the iPhone in my old Samsung
doesn't have an IR blaster it like
really sucked anyway that's a cool
feature to have that time that you
needed or if it's part of your flow on
the right we've got our lock button as
well as our volume rocker and then on
the pro model the quick button which
felt like a squeeze button has really
nice htics but it turns out is just a
button other side love this alert slider
the ability with a quick slide to change
from Silent to vibrate to ring is oh so
nice to have they've both got that a
good time to talk about charging in our
testing both phones charged up in an
hour and both lasted for about 19 hours
in spite of the PR's larger battery so
it looks like that larger battery is
pretty much just going towards the
slightly larger display let's try
critical Ops oh boy that is quite the
download I guess now is as good a time
as any to say it has Bluetooth 5.4 and
Wi-Fi 7 though and once we get our game
actually launched it has a 120 HZ
display for more fluid visuals I got to
say man mediatech has come a long way
the fact that we're not is saying oh
yeah well it's got a Media Tech chip set
so forget about it is pretty impressive
like these are not the highest benchmark
scores we've ever seen but they are
completely fine I can't do this I'm
going to get him no what come on how did
that not hit coming back to both phones
there's a few things I haven't talked
about yet they're both ip69 ip68 dust
and water resistant they both apparently
have had a lot of work done on their
antenna arrays as well as software to
ensure that they get the best possible
data reception and they both are
available in a variety of colorways with
up to 1 terabyte of storage it's not
going to come cheap even the 512 gig
version when we convert from Indonesian
rupia which is the only pricing we have
uh ends up at around 1,000 and around
$1250 but hey if you want a lot of
storage on your phone I guess that's the
way to do it now that micro SD slots are
out of fashion overall they both pack a
surprising amount of performance and
features into a relatively comp Compact
and lightweight package and while color
OSS would have been a downside way back
in the day one of the things we do for
short circuit is we'll search like this
thing controversy to see kind of what
the community is saying and color OSS
has grown extremely well regarded over
the last little while and they're both
shipping with color OS 15 so if you guys
want to check these out hey thanks to
Oppo for sponsoring this video and we'll
have these linked down below subscribe
to Short Circuit